data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KACANG HIJAU/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KACANG HIJAU_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/JAGUNG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAGUNG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/JAGUNG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAGUNG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KEDELAI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KEDELAI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KEDELAI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KEDELAI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/UBIJALAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/UBIJALAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PADI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KACANG HIJAU/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG HIJAU_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KACANG HIJAU/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KACANG HIJAU_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PADI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI SAWAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PADI SAWAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PADI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI LADANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PADI LADANG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/UBIKAYU  or  KETELA POHON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/UBIKAYU  or  KETELA POHON_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KEDELAI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KEDELAI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/UBIKAYU  or  KETELA POHON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/UBIKAYU  or  KETELA POHON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/UBIKAYU  or  KETELA POHON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/UBIKAYU  or  KETELA POHON_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KACANG TANAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG TANAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KACANG TANAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG TANAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/UBIJALAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/UBIJALAR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/UBIJALAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/UBIJALAR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KACANG HIJAU/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG HIJAU_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI LADANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PADI LADANG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI LADANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PADI LADANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/JAGUNG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAGUNG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI SAWAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PADI SAWAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/PADI SAWAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PADI SAWAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/TANAMAN_PANGAN/KACANG TANAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KACANG TANAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
komoditas Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
satuan Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANGGUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ADENIUM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGUR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ALPUKAT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ALPUKAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ADENIUM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ALPUKAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ADENIUM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGUR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANGGREK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ALPUKAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ADENIUM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BELIMBING_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BLEWAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BLEWAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BLEWAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANYELIR_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANYELIR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BELIMBING_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BLEWAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_LUAS PANEN_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANYELIR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANYELIR_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAYAM_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/APEL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/APEL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BELIMBING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUNCIS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUNCIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BELIMBING_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/APEL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BROMELIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/APEL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CALADIUM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CORDYLENE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAYAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DRACAENA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BUNCIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE KERITING_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DURIAN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CABE BESAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE BESAR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DURIAN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BROMELIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUGENVIL_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CALADIUM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DRACAENA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE KERITING_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BROMELIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAYAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE KERITING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CALADIUM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUNCIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DURIAN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUGENVIL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DRINGO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DRINGO_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CORDYLENE_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUGENVIL_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CORDYLENE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE BESAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DRINGO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DRACAENA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CORDYLENE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DRINGO_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KENTANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MAWAR_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DURIAN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KAPULAGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAHE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LENGKENG_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/GLADIOL_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAHE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAHE_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/HELICONIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PALEM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CALADIUM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LOBAK_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK NIPIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK NIPIS_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MONSTERA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KENTANG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/HELICONIA_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JENGKOL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KANGKUNG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KEJIBELING_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KENCUR_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MELINJO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KAPULAGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/HELICONIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KEJIBELING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KEJIBELING_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LENGKENG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/GLADIOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KUNYIT_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KANGKUNG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KAPULAGA_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KANGKUNG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KRISAN_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KRISAN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KRISAN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAHE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/GLADIOL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LENGKENG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/HELICONIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KENCUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MELINJO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MANGGIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LOBAK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MELON_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELON_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KETIMUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KETIMUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KUNYIT_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MELATI_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KENTANG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SOKA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SOKA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEMANGKA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SEMANGKA_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SAWO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MONSTERA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MELON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KAPULAGA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MONSTERA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MAWAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PAKIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE BESAR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SAWO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KUNYIT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/NENAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MELON_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PISANG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PISANG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KEJIBELING_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MAWAR_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELINJO_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MANGGIS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LOBAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LABU SIAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LABU SIAM_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MONSTERA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MAWAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR TIRAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR TIRAM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JENGKOL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/LOBAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PAKIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KENTANG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEDAP MALAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SEDAP MALAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PETAI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KRISAN_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK NIPIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK NIPIS_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SIRSAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SIRSAK_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LABU SIAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LABU SIAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAHKOTA DEWA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MAHKOTA DEWA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/NENAS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LABU SIAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LABU SIAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SERAI HIJAU/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SERAI HIJAU_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KETIMUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KETIMUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LENGKUAS_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MELATI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MANGGIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KUNYIT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KENCUR_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PEPAYA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PEPAYA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/RAMBUTAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/RAMBUTAN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PISANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PISANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MANGGA_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PAKIS_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELATI_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PAKIS_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SALAK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SALAK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SIRSAK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SIRSAK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Buah.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KENCUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PISANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PISANG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DRACAENA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEDAP MALAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SEDAP MALAM_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LENGKUAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETSAI  or  SAWI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PETSAI  or  SAWI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SAWO_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEMANGKA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SEMANGKA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/NENAS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SOKA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SOKA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SALAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SALAK_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SIRSAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SIRSAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MELINJO_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SERAI HIJAU/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SERAI HIJAU_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MANGGA_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PURING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PURING_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETSAI  or  SAWI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PETSAI  or  SAWI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PETAI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LENGKUAS_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SAWO_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/GLADIOL_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/RAMBUTAN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/RAMBUTAN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PETAI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PETAI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SUKUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SUKUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SUKUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SUKUN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR TIRAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR TIRAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SOKA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SOKA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEDAP MALAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SEDAP MALAM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KANGKUNG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MANGGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KETIMUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KETIMUN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JENGKOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SALAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SALAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PEPAYA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PEPAYA_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TOMAT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TOMAT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SANSEVIERRIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SANSEVIERRIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEDAP MALAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SEDAP MALAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SANSEVIERRIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SANSEVIERRIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Rumpun or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/PRODUKSI/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/WORTEL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/WORTEL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TERUNG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAMBILOTO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SAMBILOTO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/WORTEL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TERUNG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAMBILOTO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SAMBILOTO_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TERUNG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAMBILOTO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SAMBILOTO_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAMBILOTO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SAMBILOTO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TOMAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TOMAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TOMAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TOMAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SANSEVIERRIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SANSEVIERRIA_PRODUKSI_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TERUNG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TOMAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TOMAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/WORTEL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result Server disconnected
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAYAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
satuan Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
satuan Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANGGUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGUR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANGGREK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGUR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ALPUKAT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ALPUKAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ALPUKAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ALPUKAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ADENIUM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/APEL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ADENIUM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/APEL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ADENIUM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANYELIR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_LUAS PANEN_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BUNCIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BROMELIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUNCIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CABE BESAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUNCIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/HELICONIA_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JENGKOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/HELICONIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/APEL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CALADIUM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CORDYLENE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DRACAENA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAHE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BELIMBING_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CALADIUM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE KERITING_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR TIRAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR TIRAM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CALADIUM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BROMELIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DRACAENA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DRACAENA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANYELIR_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CALADIUM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE BESAR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/GLADIOL_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/GLADIOL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR TIRAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR TIRAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BLEWAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DURIAN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DRINGO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BELIMBING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/HELICONIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAHE_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANYELIR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DRINGO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE KERITING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUNCIS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SAWO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PISANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PISANG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAYAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ADENIUM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CORDYLENE_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BROMELIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DRACAENA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BELIMBING_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PISANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PISANG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DURIAN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE BESAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BLEWAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEMANGKA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SEMANGKA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JENGKOL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUGENVIL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAHE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAYAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMUR_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAYAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CORDYLENE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BLEWAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAYAM_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KUNYIT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KENTANG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DURIAN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUGENVIL_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUGENVIL_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAHE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BLEWAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DURIAN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CORDYLENE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SOKA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SOKA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KAPULAGA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KAPULAGA_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE BESAR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KAPULAGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PETAI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JENGKOL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KAPULAGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KRISAN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEMANGKA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SEMANGKA_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BELIMBING_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/GLADIOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SUKUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SUKUN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE KERITING_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KUNYIT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SOKA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SOKA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAPRIKA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PAPRIKA_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KENCUR_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SERAI HIJAU/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SERAI HIJAU_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DRINGO_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KRISAN_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/WORTEL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MELON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/HELICONIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAPRIKA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PAPRIKA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KEJIBELING_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEMANGKA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SEMANGKA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SOKA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SOKA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/GLADIOL_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEMANGKA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SEMANGKA_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PURING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PURING_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TERUNG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETSAI  or  SAWI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PETSAI  or  SAWI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PETAI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SOKA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SOKA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/STRAWBERRY/PRODUKSI/xlsx/STRAWBERRY_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KENTANG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/RAMBUTAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/RAMBUTAN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SUKUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SUKUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KRISAN_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MARKISA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MARKISA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SERAI HIJAU/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SERAI HIJAU_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DRINGO_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SERAI HIJAU/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SERAI HIJAU_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TOMAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TOMAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUIRENG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TEMUIRENG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/WORTEL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KENTANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/WORTEL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TOMAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TOMAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SUKUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SUKUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TERUNG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TERUNG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/WORTEL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TERUNG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TERUNG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETSAI  or  SAWI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PETSAI  or  SAWI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
result Cannot connect to host bdsp2.pertanian.go.id:443 ssl:default [Temporary failure in name resolution]
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno None] Can not write request body for https://bdsp2.pertanian.go.id/bdsp/id/lokasi/result
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
result Server disconnected
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SUKUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SUKUN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TOMAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TOMAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
result Server disconnected
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
komoditas cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SANSEVIERRIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SANSEVIERRIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/APEL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
satuan Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ADENIUM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ALPUKAT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ADENIUM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ADENIUM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ADENIUM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ALPUKAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGUR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BELIMBING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BELIMBING_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE BESAR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK POT_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE BESAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANGGUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ALPUKAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/APEL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_LUAS PANEN_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE BESAR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANGGUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ALPUKAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ALPUKAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK POTONG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK POTONG_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM BUNGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANTHURIUM BUNGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CALADIUM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/APEL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/APEL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANYELIR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BROMELIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE KERITING_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CALADIUM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAYAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUAH NAGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUAH NAGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAYAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BROMELIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/AGLAOENEMA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/AGLAOENEMA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUGENVIL_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE BESAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CABE BESAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/APEL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/APEL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUNCIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BUNCIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE KERITING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE KERITING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CABE KERITING_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BUGENVIL_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUGENVIL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUGENVIL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAYAM_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CALADIUM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BROMELIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BROMELIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/CORDYLENE_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG PUTIH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAWANG PUTIH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DURIAN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANTHURIUM DAUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANTHURIUM DAUN_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CORDYLENE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAYAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BAYAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGREK_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DRACAENA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BLEWAH_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BUNCIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CORDYLENE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DRACAENA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CALADIUM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CALADIUM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
satuan Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/HELICONIA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR TIRAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR TIRAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE TEROPONG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE TEROPONG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRACAENA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DRACAENA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DRINGO_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANGGUR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/ANYELIR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DRINGO_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANGGREK_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/ANYELIR_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANYELIR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/ANYELIR_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG DAUN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG DAUN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BAWANG MERAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BAWANG MERAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BELIMBING/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BELIMBING_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/ANGGREK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/ANGGREK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DIEFFENBACHIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DIEFFENBACHIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/GLADIOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JENGKOL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DRINGO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/DURIAN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAHE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BUNCIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/BUNCIS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KUNYIT_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR MERANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMUR MERANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LENGKENG_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KANGKUNG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KAPULAGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KETIMUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KETIMUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KENTANG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LENGKENG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK NIPIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK NIPIS_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAHE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DURIAN/PRODUKSI/xlsx/DURIAN_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KEJIBELING_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENTANG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KENTANG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/BLEWAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK NIPIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK NIPIS_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KENCUR_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/HELICONIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CABE RAWIT/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/CABE RAWIT_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KEJIBELING_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JAHE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU AIR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMBU AIR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMBU BIJI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMBU BIJI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GERBERA or HERBRAS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/GERBERA or HERBRAS_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAHE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAHE_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JENGKOL_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/BLEWAH_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KANGKUNG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/HELICONIA_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/EUPHORBIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/EUPHORBIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/CORDYLENE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/CORDYLENE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DUKU  or  LANGSAT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/DUKU  or  LANGSAT_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK SIAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK SIAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KENCUR_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/DRINGO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/DRINGO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KAPULAGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KRISAN_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/BLEWAH/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/BLEWAH_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/HELICONIA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/HELICONIA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEJIBELING/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KEJIBELING_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KANGKUNG_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KEMBANG KOL/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KEMBANG KOL_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/GLADIOL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/GLADIOL_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JENGKOL/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JENGKOL_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KETIMUN/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KETIMUN_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KENCUR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KENCUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KAPULAGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KAPULAGA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG MERAH/PRODUKSI/xlsx/KACANG MERAH_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
result [Errno 32] Broken pipe
komoditas cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LABU SIAM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/LABU SIAM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LENGKUAS_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELINJO_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LOBAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LOBAK_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MANGGIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MARKISA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MARKISA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MONSTERA_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MAWAR_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MAWAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PAKIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MONSTERA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LOBAK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MARKISA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MARKISA_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MELATI_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/LOBAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MONSTERA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MONSTERA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MELATI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PAKIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KUNYIT/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KUNYIT_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PETAI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MAWAR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/NENAS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LOBAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MANGGIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/NENAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SAWO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK BESAR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK BESAR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LENGKENG_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Buah.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KENCUR_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MANGGIS_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PAKIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/WORTEL/PRODUKSI/xlsx/WORTEL_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PAKIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MELON_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PEPAYA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PEPAYA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MANGGIS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETSAI  or  SAWI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PETSAI  or  SAWI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MAWAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LENGKUAS_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LENGKUAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MANGGIS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MAWAR_PRODUKSI_Tangkai.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SALAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SALAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MELINJO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MANGGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PETAI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SANSEVIERRIA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SANSEVIERRIA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Rumpun or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PETAI_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR TIRAM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JAMUR TIRAM_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_PRODUKSI_Kuintal.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PALEM_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MANGGA_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MONSTERA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELATI_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PAKIS_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/RAMBUTAN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/RAMBUTAN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PEPAYA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PEPAYA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK LEMON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK LEMON_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MELON_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LEMPUYANG/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LEMPUYANG_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PURING/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PURING_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SIRSAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SIRSAK_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LENGKUAS_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PEPAYA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PEPAYA_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELON_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LIDAH BUAYA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/LIDAH BUAYA_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LENGKENG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Buah.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAMBILOTO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SAMBILOTO_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KACANG PANJANG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KACANG PANJANG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LABU SIAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LABU SIAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PALEM_PRODUKSI_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SIRSAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SIRSAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEDAP MALAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SEDAP MALAM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KETIMUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KETIMUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETSAI  or  SAWI/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PETSAI  or  SAWI_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MELATI_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMULAWAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/TEMULAWAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAPRIKA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PAPRIKA_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PISANG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PISANG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SERAI HIJAU/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SERAI HIJAU_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELON_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SEDAP MALAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SEDAP MALAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Tangkai or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/SAWO_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SUKUN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/SUKUN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JAMUR LAINNYA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JAMUR LAINNYA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAWAR/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MAWAR_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAHKOTA DEWA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MAHKOTA DEWA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LABU SIAM/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LABU SIAM_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAWO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SAWO_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LABU SIAM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LABU SIAM_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGA/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MANGGA_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MELINJO_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PHYLODENDRON/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PHYLODENDRON_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELATI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MELATI_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MANGGA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MANGGA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KENCUR/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/KENCUR_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PETAI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PETAI_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELON/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MELON_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PAKIS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PAKIS_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KANGKUNG/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KANGKUNG_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SIRSAK/PRODUKSI/xlsx/SIRSAK_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/NENAS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PEPAYA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/PEPAYA_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PISANG/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/PISANG_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_PRODUKSI_KG.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/PALEM/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/PALEM_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MENGKUDU or PACE/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MENGKUDU or PACE_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KOL  or  KUBIS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KOL  or  KUBIS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MARKISA/PRODUKSI/xlsx/MARKISA_PRODUKSI_Ton.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KETIMUN/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/KETIMUN_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MONSTERA/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/MONSTERA_PRODUKTIVITAS_Pohon or m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/NENAS_LUAS PANEN_Ha.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/KRISAN/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/KRISAN_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MELINJO/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/MELINJO_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kuintal or Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NENAS/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/NENAS_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Rumpun.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/NANGKA  or  CEMPEDAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKENG/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/LENGKENG_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/SAMBILOTO/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/SAMBILOTO_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/TEMUKUNCI/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/TEMUKUNCI_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/JERUK PAMELO/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/JERUK PAMELO_LUAS PANEN_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LENGKUAS/PRODUKTIVITAS/xlsx/LENGKUAS_PRODUKTIVITAS_Kg or M2.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/LOBAK/Tanaman Menghasilkan/xlsx/LOBAK_Tanaman Menghasilkan_Pohon.xlsx
data/data_raw/bdsp/Aceh/HORTIKULTURA/MAHKOTA DEWA/LUAS PANEN/xlsx/MAHKOTA DEWA_LUAS PANEN_m2.xlsx
